
# Printable Rubric 

If you would like to use a printable rubric for this during the assessment, feel free to use this! 

| 			| Instantiation		   	| addItem / totalPrice | itemizedList | addItem/totalPrice (multiple) | itemQuantities | onSaleItems | Communication | General Attitude
| --- 		| --- 				| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1		| Required test administrator to provide the code and explain the concept				| Required test administrator to provide the code and explain concept.				| Required test administrator to provide the code and explain concept.          | Required test administrator to provide the code and explain concept.        | Required test administrator to provide the code and explain concept.        | Required test administrator to provide the code and explain concept.         | Candidate consistently "went dark" and did not often attempt to explain what they were trying to do. Alternatively, candidate spent a lot of time in silent thought without communication to administrator.        | Negative attitude or disrespectful disposition. Totally unengaged in solving the problems at hand and disagrees with administrator to the point of discomfort.
2		| Assessment taker struggles w/vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention.				| Assessment taker struggles with vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention.          | Assessment taker struggles with vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention. Is unable to illustrate an understanding of what iteration is.         | Assessment taker struggles with vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention. Is unable to illustrate an understanding of providing default values for an argument, or misidentifies default value as 0 and cannot figure out solution.         | Assessment taker struggles with vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention. Is unable to illustrate an understanding of needing to store additional information.        | Assessment taker struggles with vocabulary but is able to get 50-70% of solution without administrator intervention. Is unable to illustrate an understanding of filtering stored information.        | Candidate "went dark" from time to time but was at least intermittently clear about what they were trying to do.        | Mild or negative attitude or low engagement. Does not respond well to failing tests. May disagree with administrator and create small tension.
3		| Uses words like "instantiate" or "initialize" or "constructor" to describe what needs to be created. Followed by using words like "fields" or "properties" to describe adding items and totalPrice to the Cart constructor.				| Any solution that involves modifying the state of totalPrice and arriving at the correct value.				| Provides an implementation that satisfies the tests with little to no assistance. Identifies the need to store items (or at least a list of names and prices) and iterate through the collection of items to form the output of itemizedList.         | Provides an implementation that satisfies the tests with little to no assistance. Identifies the need to either store multiple items and iterate through them or just multiple the added item's price by a quantity (or similarly named) parameter. When previous tests break, is able to identify in a reasonable amount of time where the issue is and that a previous test stopped passing.        | Provides an implementation that satisfies the tests with little to no assistance. Many solutions work for this.       | Provides an implementation that satisfies the tests with little to no assistance. Many solutions work for this. Words used should include things like "iterate" or "loop" to explain that all items need to be filtered through.       | Candidate was clear and concise in explaining what they wanted to do between 70-90% of the time. Walked with administrator through the tests and asked appropriate questions.        | Positive attitude, engaged and interested in working with the administrator to solve the programming problems. Is able to calmly react to failing tests.
4       | Is verbose and talks through test explaining what is being tested and using flawless vocabulary. Gets the correct initial values without prompting.				| Begins by having return 4.50; as the totalPrice when addItem is invoked with item1. Solution modifies the state of totalPrice without using the items Array property to store each item provided to addItem.				| Begins by having return []; as a first solution. Uses flawless vocabulary and easily identifies an implementation. An implementation that uses Array.prototype.map is preferable.       | Correctly identifies the need for a default value (1) and second argument for addItem. Makes the simplest code change possible asked for by the test and only modifies code involving totalPrice inside of addItem. When previous tests break, is quickly able to identify where the issue is and that a previous test stopped passing.        | Introduces an additional entity (constructor) like CartItem which contains the item and quantity and is able to make corresponding refactors with minimal effort. Uses flawless vocabulary in descriptions and during refactoring.         | Uses flawless vocabulary in descriptions and during refactoring. Is able to identify usage of Array.prototype.filter as a way to only display on sale items.        | Candidate was clear and concise 90-100% of the time with well phrased technical questions and and open style of communication.        | Expresses deep interest in the problems at hand and/or is completely engaged in the solution. Is able to calmly react to failing tests.
